Mary Fisher lives in a High Tower, on the edge of the sea: she writes
a great deal about the nature of love. She tells lies.

Mary Fisher is forty-three, and accustomed to love. There has always
been a man around to love her, sometimes quite desperately, and she
has on occasion returned this love, but never, I think, with
desperation. She is a writer of romantic fiction. She tells lies to
herself, and to the world.

Mary Fisher has $ (US) 754,300 on deposit in a bank in Cyprus, where
the tax laws are lax. This is the equivalent of £502,867 sterling,
1,931,009 Deutschmark, 1,599,117 Swis francs, 185,055,050 yen and so
forth, it hardly matters which. A woman’s life is what it is, in any
corner of the world. And whenever you go it is the same – to those who
hath, such as Mary Fisher, shall be given, and to those who hath not,
such as myself, even that which they have shall be taken away.

Mary Fisher earned all her money herself. Her first husband, Jonah,
told her that capitalism was immoral, and she believed him, having a
gentle and pliable nature. Otherwise no doubt by now Mary Fisher would
have a substantial portfolio of investments. As it is, she owns four
houses an these are cumulatively worth – depending on the state of the
property market – anything between half a million and a million
dollars. A house, of course, only means anything in financial terms if
there is anyone to buy it, or if you can bear to sell it. Otherwise a
house can only be somewhere to live, or somewhere where those
connected with you can live. With luck, the ownership of property
brings peace of mind; without this luck it brings aggravation and
discontent. I wish un-luck in property matters on Mary Fisher.

Mary Fisher is small and pretty and delicately formed, prone to
fainting and sleeping with men while pretending that she doesn’t.

Mary Fisher is loved by my husband, who is her accountant.

I love my husband and I hate Mary Fisher.
